LIVE: GBI releases name of suspected shooter at Apalachee High SchoolBARROW 
COUNTY, Ga. - During a press conference by the GBI, it was 
revealed that 2 teachers and 2 students were killed during the shooting 
at Apalachee High School on Wednesday morning. The FBI also 
released the suspect's name – 14-year-old Colt Gray, a student 
at the high school.The GBI did not release the names of the deceased 
or give any other information about the victims. According to 
the GBI, the Barrow County Sheriff's Office began receiving calls 
at around 10:20 a.m. Officers responded to the high school within 
minutes and almost immediately encountered the suspected shooter, 
who dropped his weapon and surrendered immediately.According 
to Sheriff Jud Smith, the shooter has already been interviewed. Smith 
said that he is not aware of any connection between the student 
and the victims, but they are looking into all aspects surrounding 
the incident.The GBI says that their priority is to gather 
all the facts and make sure they are accurate. The GBI says there 
is much work to be done, including collecting evidence and conducting 
interviews. Another press conference will be held in a couple 
of hours, according to officials. The GBI also extended its sympathy 
to the families and community that are impacted.The school 
will be closed for the remainder of the week. ORIGINAL STORYFour 
people were killed, and nine others were injured in a shooting Wednesday 
morning at Apalachee High School in Winder, Barrow County, 
according to the Georgia Bureau of Investigation (GBI). The suspect 
is alive and in custody, GBI says.Barrow County Sheriff Jud 
Smith confirmed during a brief news conference that multiple law 
enforcement agencies responded to the school following reports of 
an active shooter at 10:30 a.m. The FBI and GBI are involved in 
the investigation.Law enforcement is scheduled to give an update 
at 4:30 p.m. FOX 5 Atlanta will livestream the press conference.The 
school was cleared by 11:30 a.m., and students were released 
to their families. Winder-Barrow High School was also briefly placed 
on lockdown as a precaution, though no threat was found.RELATED: 
LIST: Deadly school shootings since 1999 in the U.S.FOX 5's Brittany 
Edney is at Apalachee High School where parents are working 
to pick up their children. Authorities say one person is in custody, 
and they confirm multiple injuries.The White House confirmed 
President Joe Biden has been briefed on the shooting by Homeland 
Security Advisor, Liz Sherwood-Randall. They say his administration 
is coordinating with federal, state, and local officials.RELATED: 
Reactions to shooting from White House, politicians etc.The 
White House also confirmed that prior to departing Joint Base Andrews, 
Vice President Harris was briefed on the tragic shooting. 
The Harris campaign says the vice president is expected to address 
the shooting at the top of her remarks at the brewery stop in 
New Hampshire.  Gov. Brian Kemp issued a statement on X:According 
to U.S. News & World Report, there are approximately 1,900 students 
enrolled at the school. It is one of two high schools in the 
Barrow County Public Schools district. The school is located about 
40 miles northeast of Atlanta. RELATED: Apalachee High School Shooting: 
Students recount harrowing momentsContinuing coverage of 
the shooting Apalachee High School in Winder, Georgia.Students were 
being released to their parents at Apalachee High School following 
a shooting. We know one person is in custody and at least one 
person was taken to Grady Memorial Hospital.Grady Memorial Hospital 
confirmed at 12:20 p.m. they had received one gunshot victim 
from the school.Grady Memorial Hospital in Atlanta has confirmed 
they received one gunshot victim from Barrow County. A shooting 
took place Wednesday morning at Apalachee High School. Multiple 
law enforcement agencies are on the scene.This story is breaking. 
Check back for updates. Please be aware that information may change 
as new information is received. If you have additional information, 
pictures, or video email newstipsatlanta@fox.com.All the news 
you need to know, every dayBy clicking Sign Up, I confirmthat 
I have read and agreeto the Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.Here 
is a list of deadly school shootings in the U.S. from the Associated 
Press, FOX News and FOX 5 Atlanta.This material may not 
be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2024 FOX Television 
Stations